BackBeat Readme FileNames: Akul Kapoor, Matt Powell-PalmAndrew ID’s: akulk, mpowellpBackBeat (index.html)BackBeat is an informative, musically-oriented application designed to connect users with new music and upcoming concerts. This app was designed to be a hub of American and international musical culture, and aims to get American citizens off their sorry asses and out to some shows.  When an artist and location are searched, lists populated with similar artists, similar artists around that location, and upcoming shows become available for navigation via tabs (with thanks to the Tabify jQuery plugin). When the name or picture of an artist or event is clicked, a larger picture will display on the right, accompanied by artist biographies or event information, links, and playable samples of their music. We use the Last.fm API to generate artist and event information, the EchoNest API to access song samples, and the jPlayer plugin to play said samples. So click around, discover some new music, revel in how ballin’ it is that you can sample the music within the app, enjoy. Custom logo in the top right.NOTE: While general functionality is completely maintained in Firefox, for whatever reason, our program runs noticeably faster in Chrome. Also, jPLayer does not play in Firefox unless you are running a local host. Chrome is just a better browser, as even Kosbie has ceded, so we proceeded to design for optimal performance with Chrome in mind. A Note about BackBeat as our Term Project: We intend to evolve this unit project into a marketable mobile app for our term project, and make our million bucks. Gonn’ be tight. We plan to interface with the iTunes API (the very use of which earns you a small commission), which we weren’t able to use this time around because of the time restraints involved in getting an iTunes API key, expand general functionality, and aggregate the results from several other API’s similar in nature to Last.FM, such as EchoNest and 7digital, in order to achieve an industry-exceptional level of accuracy in our results. Why do I bring this up? There are certainly points of performance which could be improved in our app as it stands. However, given the nature of our intent, what we were going for is a foundation, albeit a snazzy high-performance one. We figured we’d let you know as much. In the grand scheme of things, THIS is the rough draft. The sleek, sexy, 105%-worthy rough draft. The rough draft you want to take home tonight, but you also want to cook for in the morning. The cute blonde rough draft that goes to Pitt. You get it. Amen. The End. I’m Out. Peace.MPP + AK  